Secure File Synchronization System
=======

What is it?
-----------

The main goal of this project was to create a secure file synchronization system.

Dubbed TUDOIGUAL, it supports synchronization between two or more players ensuring the security of stored files as well as the communication between machines.

For example, entity authentication uses strong authentication mechanisms (CHAP) and communication between them uses the elliptic curve integrated encryption Scheme (ECIES).


Verifying Your Download
-----------

If you’re running on Linux, you probably already have GPG (GNU Privacy Guard) installed. If you’re on Windows or OS X, you’ll need to install the appropriate version for your platform.

   *  If you’re on a PC running Windows, download and install GPG4Win from [here](http://gpg4win.org/download.html). 
   *  If you’re on a Macintosh running OS X, download and install GPGTools from [here](https://gpgtools.org/). 

Since Windows does not have the native ability to calculate SHA1 checksums, you will also need a utility such as [Microsoft File Checksum Integrity Verifier](http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=11533) or [Hashtab](http://www.implbits.com/HashTab/HashTabWindows.aspx) to verify your download.

Once you’ve installed GPG, you’ll need to download and import a copy of the my key. Do this with the following command:
```
$ gpg --keyserver hkp://keys.gnupg.net --recv-key CE994164
```

Your output should look like this:

```
gpg: key CE994164: public key "Ricardo Costa Oliveira <rcoliveira314@gmail.com>" imported
gpg: Total number processed: 1
gpg:               imported: 1  (RSA: 1)
```
Verify that the key is properly installed with the command:

```
$ gpg --list-keys --with-fingerprint  CE994164
```

The output will look like this:

```
pub   4096R/CE994164 2016-01-13 [expires: 2020-01-13]
      Key fingerprint = 10C9 CEE5 72EE 77A2 C950  39AA 4A02 4A0C CE99 4164
uid       [ultimate] Ricardo Costa Oliveira <rcoliveira314@gmail.com>
sub   4096R/C49636FA 2016-01-13 [expires: 2020-01-13]
```
You’re now set up to validate your download.

This method does not rely on the integrity of the web site you downloaded the file from, only the official development team key that you install independently. To verify your file this way, you will need to download three files:

   *  The ZIP file itself (e.g. TUDOIGUAL-master.zip)
   *  The file containing the calculated SHA256 hash for the ZIP, [SHA2SUM](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rcostaoliveira/KEYS-SUMS/master/SHA2SUM)
   *  The signed version of that file, [SHA2SUM.asc](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rcostaoliveira/KEYS-SUMS/master/SHA2SUM.asc)

Before verifying the checksums of the file, you must ensure that the SHA2SUM file is the one generated by me. That’s why the file is signed by my official key with a detached signature in SHA2SUM.asc.

Once you have downloaded both SHA2SUM and SHA2SUM.asc, you can verify the signature as follows:

```
$ gpg --verify SHA2SUM.asc SHA2SUM
gpg: Signature made Mon Jun 12 23:30:00 2016 WEST using RSA key ID CE994164
gpg: Good signature from "Ricardo Costa Oliveira <rcoliveira314@gmail.com>" [ultimate]
```

If you did get the “Good signature” response, you can now be assured that the checksum in the SHA2SUM file was actually provided by the development team. All that remains to be done to complete the verification is to validate that the signature you compute from the file you’ve downloaded matches the one in the SHA2SUM file. You can do that on Linux or OS X with the following command (assuming that the file is named “TUDOIGUAL-master.zip” and is in your working directory):

```
$ grep TUDOIGUAL-master.zip SHA2SUM | shasum -a 256 -c
```

If the file is successfully authenticated, the response will look like this:

```
TUDOIGUAL-master.zip: OK
```
Once you’ve downloaded and verified your file, you can proceed.


<!--- 
TODO
-----------
--> 
